gh-repo: update command (#10765)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-repo.md

`gh repo list {{owner}}`

> - List only non-forks repositories, limit amount (default: 30):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List only non-forks repositories and limit the number of repositories to list (default: 30):
```
